feat(serverless): go code-sample improvements (#1406)
scaleway/docs-content: serverless/functions/reference-content/code-examples.mdx

- `module` allows you to use `import/export` ES6 instructions (asynchronous loading, more optimized as it
imports only the pieces of code you need)

## Go

> Requirements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Message type=requirement">
```

- your code must be a valid Go module: a `go.mod` file is expected in the root directory (ex: `go mod init myhandler`)
- handler function should be in a file at the root of your module
- handler must be exported, example: `Handle` is correct, `handle` is not because it is not exported
- handler must have the following signature: `func HandlerName(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request)`

> - handler can't be in the `main` package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- handler can't be in the `main` package
</Message>
```

- `module` allows you to use `import/export` ES6 instructions (asynchronous loading, more optimized as it
imports only the pieces of code you need)

## Go

> <Message type=requirement">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Message type="requirement">
```

You must use the [`w http.ResponseWriter`](https://pkg.go.dev/net/http#ResponseWriter) parameter to send a response to the function caller.

### Using environment variables in Go

If you need to pass information to your function you can use environment variables defined at the Namespace or Function level: 
In the following code snippet, we use environment variables to get Database configuration information:

```go

package myfunc

import (
	"fmt"
	"log"
	"os"
)

func Handle(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) {
  // For example, get Database configuration from environment variables
  dbName := os.Getenv("DB_NAME")
  dbUser := os.Getenv("DB_USER")
  dbPassword := os.Getenv("DB_PASSWORD")
  dbHost := os.Getenv("DB_HOST")
  dbPort := os.Getenv("DB_PORT")

  connectionString := fmt.Sprintf("%s:%s@%s:%s/%s", dbUser, dbPassword, dbHost, dbPort, dbName)
  // Your code to use the database...

>   // Technically it's not recommanded to add database connection or other resource initialization 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Technically it's not recommended to add database connections or other resource initialization 
```

  // in function handler because it will be called each time a function is triggered.
}
```

### Read request content

Using `net/http/httputil` can help to dump request content.

```go
package myfunc

import (
	"fmt"
	"net/http"
	"net/http/httputil"
)

// Handle - Handle event
func Handle(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) {
	dump, _ := httputil.DumpRequest(r, true)
	fmt.Fprintf(w, "%s\n", string(dump))
}
```

### Connecting to HTTP services in Go

** `GET` request example**

```go
package myfunc

import (
    "io"
    "net/http"
)

func handler(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) {
  req, err := http.Get("https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/posts")
  if err != nil {
    w.WriteHeader(http.StatusInternalServerError)
		return
  }

  body, err := io.ReadAll(r.Body)
  if err != nil {
    w.WriteHeader(http.StatusInternalServerError)
	  return
  }

  w.Write([]byte(body))
}
```

### Local testing your Go function

> Local development makes it easier to write test & debug and it makes it faster to call your function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Local development makes it easier to write, test, and debug,  as well as making it faster to call your function.
```

We provide a library in Go here [github.com/scaleway/serverless-functions-go](https://github.com/scaleway/serverless-functions-go).

### Advanced Go examples

> To find advanced and real world examples for Functions you can have a look on 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find advanced and real world examples for Functions, take a look at 
```
